welcome to this lovely home in North Las
Vegas that features five bedrooms three
baths and it's 2212 square feet let's
take a look inside as you can see when
you walk in the home it features a large
formal front dining room with many
windows
as tile floor on the meaning of the
entryway freshly shampooed carpet Shan
leader so if you want to make it a
formal living room dining room combo you
could and you move forward to the family
room area you can see again many more
windows a lot of natural light but also
the very large and spacious kitchen with
the center aisle with tile floor let's
go take a walk through the kitchen nice
view the backyard through the kitchen
window just bend real aunt up and
landscaped lots of counter space gas
stove microwave
refrigerator whoops pantry a lot more
cover space again the center aisle
take a brief look for a moment outside
so the recently landscaped backyard
nice patio area back in look back again
towards the front door and as we come in
and we go to this side you have the
first bedroom that's downstairs with the
ceiling fan posite its own bathroom with
a shower
now we head upstairs
we have four bedrooms upstairs first is
to my left nice bright bedroom with lots
of Windows closets
here a laundry room hardwood floors
window washer and dryer into the master
I size master with windows with tile
floor in the master bathroom doublethink
over here is the walk-in closet on air
space
well look for the TV
then we go to the next two bedrooms
which again so I'm ceiling fan on closet
this one
to the next bedroom
which again work good windows and it has
a walk-in closet with a window very nice
feature
and then I guess bathroom again tile
floor very nice so call ginger at 70 to
50 120 63 and find out how much you can
rent this beautiful home for in North
Las Vegas this home does accept section
8 and it's all ready for immediate move
in I greatly appreciate it and again
have a good day